Chapter 19: Case Mod's Great Blog

ooooh hey look at this *~>*MiStReSS*.~WOLFIE~.*m00n*<~* sent me a MEME! I konw
you want to find out aaaalalll about me 'cause i'm your ~favorite~ so here
goes <3

¯\_(ツ)_/¯: do you have any tumblr friends? if so, who are they?

Lots and lots there's Wolfie and Kirah and I get to follow the best band ever
and I got Expo to make a tumblr once except I think he forgot the password
because he forgets eeeeeverything :(... Except the stuff he remembers, he's a
scary good remember-er except for when he's not >n>

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°): relationship status?

Taken by the bEsT~GiRlFr1eNd~<3v3r> miss kirah-mirah-moo <3 

ಠ_ಠ: what is your biggest pet peeve?

omg so when there's like a bolt or a fitting or something and it has the exact
force that it should be tightened to on it RIGHT TEHRE and then some iiiiidiot
uses pliars D: I don't care how good you think you are they leave marks all
OVER it and there are specific tension wrenches in the tool box for a
REASON... #incompetence #luelesscl00zers #goaway

(ಥ_ಥ): finish this: i hate it when...

I hate it when @xpon eats the last pop tart in the canteen and forgets to
enter them on the Amazon grocery lits and I hate it when girls say they don't
like feminism like NO YOU DO LIKE FEMINISM YOU HAVE TO YOU'RE A GIRL and i
hate it when dummies on the internet say they know more than i do about music
because like no you don't i have like a petabyte of different recordings no i
dont care that's more than you can listen to in a lifetime. shush.

ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ: what is your favorite animal?

PaNdAbEaRs!!!!! omg omg they're so klutzy and cuddly and ir eally really wanna
hug one except i'd have to make sure my hair wasn't green that week or else
they might try to eat it ha ha ^_^ 

(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜): who is someone you can tell everything to?

youuuuu, my darling tumblr followers! xoxoxo hugs and kisses you're all the
bestest thing EVAR <3

(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ: are you a hugger?

gerroff. ok so i sometimes hug "tree huggers" if you know what i mean 'cause
stoners sometiems remember to put on perfume and stuff to cover up the smell
and then they smell super good and they're always so docile and cuddly but IF
YOU HUG ME WIHTOUT ASKING I WILL MAUL YOU I CARRY A KNIFE jk jk but i have a
looot of safetypins and i'm not afraid to use them *gesture of a big big
safety pin going stabby stab*

(╯°□°)╯︵ ʞooqǝɔɐɟ: besides tumblr, do you have any other social media?

sailin' on the I R Seas, arr arr matey!

﴾͡๏̯͡๏﴿?: how old are you?

*puts on snooty voice* one does not ask a ~lady~ her age. Okaaaaaay, if you
*gotta* know, i miiiight be 25 turning 26 in February. But now you gotta send
me cookies!

(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻: what are your thoughts on school?

pfft, school? that's where you send kids to get sick like nasty germs and also
sick in the head, right? I gtfo'd outta there ^_^

| (• ◡•)| (❍ᴥ❍ʋ): favorite tv show?

supernaturallllll~ 

(ง'̀-'́)ง: are you okay?

Shaddup! If you're crazy and you know it clap your hands~ *clap clap*
(if you're psychokinetic and you know it, clap somebody else's hands... that'd
be so cool!)

(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*: ･ﾟ✧: sexual orientation?

uhh usually humns? nah ladies are haaaaaawt and sometimes there's a special
boy but not usually

┬┴┬┴┤(･_├┬┴┬┴: are you a people person or a loner?

People if they're w0nDeRfUl lovely awesome people like mah Kirah but loner if
there's only bad ones available :/

ლ(ಠ益ಠლ): do you have any siblings?

Mom had more kids, but real brothers take care of you when you need it :C

ಠ╭╮ಠ: have you ever self harmed?

Fuck. Off.

(づ￣ ³￣)づ: have you ever been in love?

<3 <3 (^^()^^) @kirahmyrahmoo yes ma'am ~/~/~@

(☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞: would you rather be hugged by a bunny or kissed by a doe?

ooh, is a doe like a bae? I do'nt htink bunnies can hug though like they don't
have enough arms? but i just looked up pictures of does and went oh deer,
those noses look wet and sloppy.. .a horse licked me one time and it was all
messy and gross and smelled like alfalfa and I dunno what deer eat so...
probaby hugged by a bunny I guess? Specially if the bunny was all black and
white spotty like an PaNdAaaAaaaa~

(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻: how do you let your anger out?

i hit things *cuteface* no really i hav a punching bag in the garage and i
sometimes have to get new ones 'cause it breaks. So don't fuck with me 'cause
i hit things HARD! RAWR!

ᕙ(⇀‸↼‶)ᕗ: are you active?

liiiiiiiike... sexually? ^)_^ ya fuck those chicks who just lie there. And the
ones who don't. see what i did there? <3

(╯°□°）╯︵(\ .o.)\: who is your least favorite person?

don't wanna talk about it. that mother fucker...

◔̯◔: what time is it?

it's like... 9am in real people time but that means it's niiiiight time over
here so I should probably go lock the chickens up an hoep I don't get eatend
by a bear and wonder why Smith insists that we keep chickens *cluck cluck* 

◕‿◕: what is your guilty pleasure?

chocolate chocolate chocolate actually wait no i don't feel any guilt about
that it's just all pleasure ;)
