Chapter 27: Jen Snuth


From the letters of Jen Snuth

Have I brought down this curse upon myself forever? I built my great Machine,
and now it still lies hidden beneath my workshop's floor, and I can only hope
it is not crumbling to dust. I did my best to protect its beautiful
components, pieces of my mind's own child, from the rigors of the elements,
but I fear it shall be damaged beyond repair by the time it's finally safe for
me to retrieve it -- or worse, nigh unfathomable, is the threat that I might
never be able to retrieve it at all. I contemplate, sometimes, the prospect of
teaching the mechanical arts to that strange creature which my good wife and I
took in... But then I stop myself, recalling its incompletely human ways and
its mysterious appearance, with the reminder that such things are perhaps not
to be trusted. 

The creature, though, works at the simple tasks I set it to in the forge with
an almost uncanny failure to tire or complain. As well as appearing unable to
speak nor make sounds, it appears inexhaustible through sheer feeblemindedness
-- one might swear that it is free of pain simply out of failiure to
understand the concept. It can be set at a task in the forge, and then it
simply continues, flailing away with a broken hammer if the head snapped off,
repeating the motions even after its supply of constituent materials has been
entirely consumed. Although I find it an unpleasant and uncanny change from my
dear stalwart Mechanical Apprentice, the creature does work unflaggingly, and
with it among my tools I have returned my production to nearly the mass and
workmanship which I was able to offer before the poor clockwork creation's
untimely demise. 

